docs(package-plugin): clarify tool lookup behavior (#10335)
apple/swift-package-manager: Sources/PackageManagerDocs/Documentation.docc/Plugins/WritingCommandPlugin.md

The package manager runs plugins in a sandbox that prevents network access and most file system access.
Package manager allows additional permissions to allow network access or file system acess when you declare them after it receives approval from the user.

> ### Command plugin tool dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Define plugin tool dependencies
```

Section headings in the article are generally imperative descriptions that - ideally - you can read through as an outline looking at only the headings, to get a sense of what the article is telling you to do to solve the problem it's walking you through.

Declare command-line tools as direct dependencies of the plugin target when the

> plugin needs to work in SwiftPM, IDEs, and other hosts. Pass an executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugin needs to work in Swift Package Manager, IDEs, and other hosts. Pass an executable
```

target's name, an executable product's name, or an executable artifact's name to
`PluginContext.tool(named:)`, as appropriate for the declared dependency.
Executable dependencies are built for the host platform, and binary artifact
bundles must provide a variant that supports the host platform.

> When SwiftPM invokes a command plugin from the command line and no declared

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Package Manager invokes a command plugin from the command line and no declared
```

dependency matches, it searches the directory containing the selected Swift
compiler followed by the directories in the invoking process's `PATH`. This

> fallback is specific to the SwiftPM command-line interface; IDEs and other hosts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fallback is specific to it's command-line interface; IDEs and other hosts
```
